was never enough. I'm 86 years old and sadly I'm basically sitting on my deathbed. I have millions of dollars in the bank but I can't buy health to save my life now. I have family and millions of fans around the world but I'm all alone now. Not even my children or along estranged wife or brother stand around my deathbed. I live my life wrong and I don't want this to happen to you. If you listen and take evasive action, I can help you change your future. The following few moments may very well change your life. I wish someone had told me this when I was your age. Money is not evil by itself. It's just paper with perceived value, to obtain other things we value in other ways. If not money, what is evil you may ask? Evil is the uncountable, obsessive and moral bending desire for more. Evil is the bottomless, soulless and obsessive compulsive pursuit of some part of goal. At the end of some rainbow, which doesn't exist, evil is having a price tag for your heart and soul in exchange for financial success at any cost. Evil is trying to buy happiness again and again until all of those fake short-lived mirages of emotions are gone. Imagine having it all, only to lose it all. You are now broke. All the money is gone. What do you have? The only solution to your madness, happiness was acquiring more. Now you have no more means to acquire fake happiness. No more means to acquire more. So, who are you now? Well, all the people now who you thought were your friends while the money was flowing in. You might have lost your family, friends, emotionally, everyone in the world thinks you were a self-centred, egotistical asshole. Why? Because of your endless pursuit for more, plowed into your mind, and diverted you from your true purpose in life. Does this hit an emotional chord in you? Did it depressed or sadden you? I almost said good, but I won't say this only because I wanted to change. I'm not saying you can't be financially successful. I'm saying have a greater purpose in life, well beyond the pursuit of financial success. You're so discriminant for you to answer your true calling. You can change today if you redefine what success is still. You can transform your damaged relationships and build new ones. You can forgive yourself. And others who've hurt you. You become a leader by mentoring with others. Who do you aspire to be like? You can rebalance your priorities in life. You can heal your marriage and recreate a stronger love than you ever thought possible. You can become the best parent possible at any age, even 86, but don't wait until then. You'll always be able to make more money, but you cannot make more time. One day, just like me, you'll die too. What do you want to be remembered for? What can you do? Part of this. To make the world a better place. What is your true purpose on this earth? We are all dying, but only a small select few are truly living. You can step out of the shadow into the light. You will mend for greatness. You will mend for more than just what you do for living. You are an eternal being, meant to inspire and help the world. Let's get it right once and for all in this lifetime. Today, you step into the world where true love exists and you finally realize the love. In fact, is the more you've wanted your whole life. Just love more and more every day and every way and never give up. Godless of how challenging your destiny and life will be. The world really needs you now more than ever. Together with love, compassion, forgiveness and faith in humanity. We will defeat evil once and for all.