And I think it wasn't until I really was at that sort of breaking point of like, this is something that I'm just gonna have to deal with for the rest of my life that I thought, well, maybe I'll try something I've never done before, which is a routine that was really consistent and involved products for sensitive skin as opposed to just drying out my skin and resurface, trying to resurface my skin all the time. And that's actually when my skin began to heal itself. And that was like a huge aha moment for me. So many people that I know have since, I think most of the population has sensitive skin, whether it's from just like environmental reasons or just the products that we're using or consistently changing our skin routine. And so, I think for me it was about create, there was a need and the outset came out of this need. And honestly, the outset products are the only ones that I use. They're the only products that I would feel comfortable recommending to any of my friends, but certainly anybody with sensitive skin. But they're really products that are meant to be part of your daily essentials. So we say we're kind of the white t-shirt of skincare. We play well with others. So if you're using, if you like experimenting with different lines or different actives or what have you, you can always return to the outset or incorporate the outset so that your skin is really kind of back to basics, like back to its best self. I like that the white t-shirt. The white t-shirt of skincare, yeah. What was the goal when you started the company? I think the goal when I started the company was to create a line that as many people could participate in as possible. And I really feel like we've achieved that. Clean is a nebulous term. And so it's really like a standard that you set for yourself. And for me, I felt like, okay, I've started down this road for clean skincare. I wanna be as transparent with our customers as possible. And so it wasn't, it's not that we've made it necessarily easy for ourselves because we do have such high standards. But I really feel like, I feel incredibly proud of the fact that the line really stands up to the highest standards of clean skincare. And it's every evolving. So we are also evolving as a brand. And we're evolving with our offerings to me, you know.